---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cyberark_pvwa_safe Resource - cyberark"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CyberArk Privilege Access Manager Safe Resource
  This resource is responsible for creating a new safe in CyberArk Privilege Access Manager.
  For more information click here https://docs.cyberark.com/pam-self-hosted/latest/en/Content/WebServices/Add%20Safe.htm.
---

# cyberark_pvwa_safe (Resource)

CyberArk Privilege Access Manager Safe Resource

This resource is responsible for creating a new safe in CyberArk Privilege Access Manager.

For more information click [here](https://docs.cyberark.com/pam-self-hosted/latest/en/Content/WebServices/Add%20Safe.htm).



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `member` (String) Owning Safe Member.
- `member_type` (String) Member user type: user or group.
- `permission_level` (String) Membership Permission Level. Currently supported inputs: full, read, approver, manager.
- `safe_name` (String) The unique name of the Safe. The following characters cannot be used in the Safe name: \ / : * < > . | ? “% & +

### Optional

- `cpm_name` (String) The name of the CPM user who will manage the new Safe.
- `enable_olac` (Boolean) Whether or not to enable Object Level Access Control (OLAC) for the Safe.
- `purge` (Boolean) Whether or not to automatically purge files after the end of the Object History Retention Period defined in the Safe properties.
- `retention` (Number) The number of retained versions of every password that is stored in the Safe.
- `retention_versions` (Number) The number of days that password versions are saved in the Safe.
- `safe_desc` (String) The description of the Safe.
- `safe_loc` (String) The location of the Safe in the Vault.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) CyberArk Privilege Access Manager Safe URL ID- Generated from CyberArk after onboarding safe.
- `id_number` (Number) CyberArk Privilege Access Manager Safe ID- Generated from CyberArk after onboarding safe.
- `last_updated` (String)
