---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cyberark_pvwa_db_account Resource - cyberark"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Database Account Resource
  This resource is responsible for creating a new privileged account that contains all the required DB information as mentioned below in Privilege Access Manager.
  For more information click here https://docs.cyberark.com/pam-self-hosted/latest/en/Content/WebServices/Add%20Account%20v10.htm.
---

# cyberark_pvwa_db_account (Resource)

Database Account Resource

This resource is responsible for creating a new privileged account that contains all the required DB information as mentioned below in Privilege Access Manager.

For more information click [here](https://docs.cyberark.com/pam-self-hosted/latest/en/Content/WebServices/Add%20Account%20v10.htm).



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Custom Account Name for customizing the object name in a safe.
- `platform` (String) Management Platform associated with the Database Credential.
- `safe` (String) Target Safe where the credential object will be onboarded.
- `secret` (String, Sensitive) Password of the credential object.
- `username` (String) Username of the Credential object.

### Optional

- `address` (String) URI, URL or IP associated with the credential.
- `db_dsn` (String) Database data source name.
- `db_port` (String) Database connection port.
- `dbname` (String) Database name.
- `secret_name_in_secret_store` (String) Name of the credential object.
- `sm_manage` (Boolean) Automatic Management of a credential. Optional Value.
- `sm_manage_reason` (String) If sm_manage is false, provide reason why credential is not managed.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) CyberArk Privilege Access Manager Credential ID- Generated from CyberArk after onboarding account into a safe.
- `last_updated` (String)
- `secret_type` (String) Should always be 'password' for Database Credential.
